my job back Manhattan's Beresford Hotel
where the rich and famous can always be
seen mr. Marshall
is it true you're running for Senator
get with Marisa Ventura job to go
unnoticed American natives expedient
excuse me that needs pressing and
there's the base there's a smile Maria
what are you saying guilty coat Ralph
Lauren sky he's a maid excuse me and
above all Avera Sydney's side to be
invisible
hey no idea anyone was here
so where I'm at the money it will be
needed but when you least expect it hey
wait back not to be tried on name's
Rufus and Chris I know who you are
yeah what do you know you might pretend
there I love this gift
fate can open the door hi talk about hi
boys
hello hi mrs. crisp you've got a giant
gray dog I'm gonna go walk with them
okay come with us but your husband
wouldn't mind
Oh
yeah you always stay at the barracks but
sometimes I feel like I live there the
girl that was invisible who steps but
I'll tell you she isn't feeling like
anyone I've ever met before and she's no
phony is all he can see if I guess bad
oh don't tell me fall for the guy it's
complicated if only he could figure out
who she is she's got five big really
beautiful to find her wannabe lyrics a
starter you've got to play the game I'll
make you a deal you want me to benefit
tomorrow and I can get her to go what am
i doing stuff this is a lie more like a
dream and I've made it a lie this is who
you really are
no I only came to tell you that this
can't go anywhere beyond this evening
and you should have wanted to come dress
no matter who you are destiny will find
you
[Music]
I'm I'm saying that I was staying in the
suite not cleaning it I'm amazed hi MA I
hate to break it to you but I don't
think you can steer money
[Music]